I don't believe it let me come
This is impossible.
80 million rough stones
How could there be no jadeite?
Although the price of 80 million does have a level
And he was right.
This question
Master Yang won
Now let's move on to the second question
Here we go.
Here are two handed down jade bottles
true or false
Next, please distinguish which bottle is genuine
Which bottle is fake?
The former master believes that
It's true that there is a bump in the bottle mouth on the left.
Right? That's right.
This legendary jade vase?
It's just missing a corner.
What about these two?
Only one is missing a corner.
It must be that one.
Master Xie believes that in these two bottles
None of them are real.
Right? That's right.
These are all jade bottles that have long been lost
I don't believe there is a genuine product.
Reality Coco
Even if it were true
It was copied.
It's not the same pair anymore
Master Yang believes that
The bottle on my right is completely genuine.
Right?